this is the zephyrus G this is probably
one of the more anticipated laptops
we've seen come out in 2019 the reason
why people are interested in it is
because of its price point it's an
eleven hundred dollar laptop and for a
gaming laptop that's not cheap I mean
there's cheaper devices out there but
this thing promised a lot the teaser
videos showcased this product that was
really thin really light and had awesome
performance and because of that I think
I over hyped this product for myself not
that it's a bad product but I think I
had unrealistic expectations of what
this laptop could deliver it's still a
great device but they had to take some
shortcuts to get there the build quality
let's start there is an area that they
did not skimp on this thing promises a
thin and light gaming laptop and it is
for the money for $1,100 you're not
getting gaming laptops thinner than this
in fact most devices in this price range
and that like thousand dollar price
range are a solid like 25 even 30%
thicker it is a thin and light package
and we've also made it in a way that's
like easy on the eyes there's no like
super ugly red lights and stuff like
that it's a very simple design the logo
on the front does light up when it's on
it's this orange e red color but it's
relatively dim and there's no other
colored RGB s on the rest of the system
now the build quality is actually pretty
good it's got the kind of Zephyrus
design where it's very difficult to keep
this thing free of fingerprints like
it's got this brushed metal finish but
the rest of the device is plastic the
inside deck the bottom panel everything
is plastic all around but it's a well
made device like there's nothing about
this that makes me feel like it's poorly
made okay let's talk about the screen
because this is probably it's I mean
when you're playing games is probably
one of the more important things on a
gaming laptop so this screen is a 120
Hertz panel but this is the upgraded
model there's a base model that has a 60
Hertz panel but if you're buying a
gaming laptop in 2019 with this kind of
performance you probably want a screen
of this caliber
once when he hurts or higher now this
panel was probably the biggest
disappointment for me
it's a fast screen it's 120 Hertz but
the color accuracy is quite poor
surprisingly poor so the past year or so
for fast screens we've seen really good
color accuracy and color gaming so when
you see a screen like this it just looks
a little bit more dull that's
so not super-bright not a dark screen by
any means but it's just not as bright as
other competitors in its space but
overall it's a fair screen it's just
compared to what we've seen on the
market for the past year and a half it
doesn't really stand out I can't forgive
it for the price but I think that's part
of the whole expectation thing right I
just was thinking that for the money you
get a screen that was as good as other
people in the space it's also missing a
webcam now for most gamers they probably
don't use their webcam very often on
their laptops but for that occasional
time when you do need video for whatever
reason like if you're making a Skype
call or something you now have no way of
doing that video feed unless you
purchase an external webcam like it's
not like they include one in the box or
anything it is a completely webcam 'less
machine it does still have some mics at
the bottom of the screen but yeah no
webcam ok the performance on this device
is something I think most people are
interested in it's running the Verizon
3750 H and a GTX 16 60 TI max-q so this
is kind of where my expectations were
also led astray when they first
announced this device I thought it was
running a regular 16 60 TI it's actually
running a lower wattage max-q version
it's faster than the GTX 1060 for
laptops it's also faster than a 1060 for
desktops but it's slower than last
year's 10 70 max q still a very powerful
GPU but you should know where it sits in
terms of the overall ranking of laptop
performance it's combined with the four
core chip and it's fast but when it
comes to multi-core applications the
Intel chips that have six cores are
going to do better it's a good
combination the AMD CPU with the NVIDIA
GPU delivers some really good gaming
performance but to get there they had to
run some pretty aggressive fans so the
thermals are fine on this machine it
doesn't overheat or throttle which is
kind of impressive considering the
thickness of this device it is a lower
wattage CPU so compared to some of the
Intel CPUs out there it's a 35 watt CPU
so it's putting out a little bit less
heat but the main reason why they're
able to achieve this is through their
fans they're loud fans
I did not break any tabs they are loud
fans but they cool the system properly
now in the software you'll also see a
decibel reading and I think that's very
inaccurate in fact I think that's like
misleading because a lot of people will
look at that number if they own the
device and think that that's the actual
decibel reading there's no way that is
like probably 10 decibels quieter than
what it's actually reading unless
they're measuring that thing out from
like 10 feet away
these are allowed fans inside you also
get access to your Wi-Fi card it's a
pretty bad card you probably want to
replace that if you get this device and
you also have access to a single slot of
RAM it's a two-channel system it's just
that the second channel of ram is
soldered on you can only replace this
channel that's visible and you also have
access to two nvme slots so these are
strangely PCIe three by two so you'll
still get really fast drives just not
the fastest speed possible from your nvm
e's battery down here 76 watt hour it's
actually a pretty good battery life on
this system it's a seven hour battery
life I didn't think like Ryze and chips
are not known for great battery life
they're usually a little more
power-hungry so seven hours pretty
respectable you also see the speakers
down here pretty good sounding but
they're really poorly positioned like if
you take this device and you listen to
it with the speaker's facing up it just
sounds so much cleaner than it does when
it's in its natural state but that's
what we have down firing speakers that
blast right into your table I really
wish manufacturers would stop doing that
like I don't know is there an audio
engineer that watches my channel that
explains that can explain why laptop
manufacturers insist on putting speakers
that face downwards it's really weird
okay keyboard track padded they're good
the keyboard has a clean layout
keystrokes are a little bit shallow kind
of expected on a gaming laptop like this
but there's nothing I really have to
complain about this keyboard at least
nothing that really sticks out the arrow
keys are small but at least they're well
positioned plastic trackpad honestly
nothing I really have to complain about
the inputs on this device okay ports it
has an Ethernet port despite it being
super thin it has an Ethernet jack which
is nice the rest the ports are kind of
standard but keep in mind that the USB C
port does not support Thunderbolt 3 it
is an AMD system and it is a kind of
cheaper product so I wouldn't expect a
Thunderbolt 3 anyways but
I wanted to end this video with a kind
of more important discussion of where
this laptop fits in the bigger picture
of things when they first announced this
I was very excited about what this thing
promised because for $1100 I mean that
was the marketing price that they pushed
out in the beginning it seemed like you
were getting an amazing deal and it's
still a really good device but I really
feel like you get what you pay for the
$1100 variant of this system has eight
gigs of ram and a 60 Hertz screen both
of which are kind of underwhelming
considering what 2019 has to offer even
at that price point the $1200 version
has a 120 Hertz screen and 16 gigs of
ram and that is a system that feels more
complete just for a gaming laptop it
feels like what you would expect but at
that point you're not paying $1200 and
there are competitors in this space that
can give this thing a pretty good run
for its money so a lot of people will
compare this thing to the Helios 300
which is a popular inexpensive gaming
laptop however I don't feel like they're
really that comparable this is a much
thinner and lighter device it is a more
compact and sleeker machine like they
have similar paper specs but if you're
looking for portability definitely look
at the Zephyrus over the Helios 300
there is however another device which
I've reviewed before that I would
consider a strong competitor to this and
it's the Lenovo Y 740 that has a machine
that has much better specs and is
usually quite expensive but because
lenovo puts their stuff on sale so
regularly and so aggressively when you
catch that thing on sale and if the
zephyrus is not on sale they are like
not that far apart in price and I feel
like if I had to choose between an 1,100
or 1,200 dollars offers and a 13 or
$1,400 novo that's on sale I'd probably
go for that lenovo unless i really
wanted a long battery life because I
feel like those efforts does a better
job at that but the moment the Zephyrs
goes on sale I feel like it's it's a
difficult decision to make because
they're both offering such a good value
and I'll be honest I wouldn't be
surprised if Lenovo dropped the price of
that why 740 because of this thing
coming out they probably want to take
the wind out of its sail out of the
launch and just be like you know that's
not that special we got something cool
as well but that's basically
I think this is a great device just
temper your expectations because it is
still an $1100 device and I really think
you're getting what you pay for
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it subs if you loved
it see you guys next time
[Music]